{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red66\green1\blue120;\red0\green0\blue233;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c33333\c10196\c54510;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 TGO x Satyam - May 29\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 VIEW RECORDING - 59 mins (No highlights)
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=85.34"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @1:25}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Hi, Satyam. How are you? I'm good. Satyam is still in his call.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=95.59"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @1:35}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Robert is joining.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=98.47"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @1:38}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Okay, sure. How is the calls going?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=103.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @1:43}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Good. So we have closed almost everyone who was in the call. Two people are still left. So I'm still awaiting two payments.\
Rest, let's see. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=121.71"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @2:01}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
But, but, but, will return, right? As opposed to the other time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=125.97"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @2:05}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
mean, this time, Fathom also dropped, because he wanted more people and to train. So, $12,500, we made $8,500, because we were just checking that $6,000, $7,000 per month, the rest of the athletes were So, that is the thing.\
Hmm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=148.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @2:28}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
had a thought that, what said earlier, that you landing page and all that. I feel, if we get to know that the conversion will better on and all that, we can have a page where people have information on what Ironman is, how we're doing coaching and all that stuff, details.\
And they can book a paid call of 97 to speak with Satyam directly. So, that will be like direct call booking funnel as opposed to a webinar funnel for the triathlon.\
Unless you want to attempt another webinar for that. Yeah, so we will call separately. Okay. So that's one of decisions we can take on Sathya has also been connecting with me.\
He also mentioned me that you have an offline event that you want to do. A big event in Delhi next month.\
So that's multiple things. Sathya has told me. the idea was to get on a call with you to understand what it is and what it is.\
Because I know that our admissions So if you could give me a brief about what is in your mind, Suthi.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=217.59"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @3:37}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, so I will whole flowchart. I'll just tell you what are our And I'll just keep typing alongside. Sure.\
One minute I haven't shared. One minute minute I haven't haven't shared. haven't shared. to share with me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=282.46"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @4:42}} - 
\f0\b praveen dwivedi
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. Hi, Akshay. Hi. How are you, Robert?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=288.22"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @4:48}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
I'm good. How are you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=290.08"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @4:50}} - 
\f0\b praveen dwivedi
\f1\b0 \
I'm good. I'm good. Nice to see you finally.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=293.02"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @4:53}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Heard a lot about you. Yeah, please tell me. Yes, so I think, Surabhi and Satyam were wanting to discuss for the CLAT webinars, so which is why we are here to understand a bit about how you guys are already operating, what are the goals that you guys have, and then how we can contribute, you know, on this.\
Right. So you are mostly working on the tech side of the business, Robert? Yes, yes, tech side.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=338.49"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @5:38}} - 
\f0\b praveen dwivedi
\f1\b0 \
Right. Plus the strategy, the campaign designing and everything. So how we used to plan the webinar funnel and everything.\
So that we generally discuss and decide which will work and which will not. Got it. Got it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=354.11"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @5:54}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And I presume that you guys were working with, I think, Scalex for this, right? trying to creative answer. idea.\
I guess, That's great idea. you Yes. Yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=364.26"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @6:04}} - 
\f0\b praveen dwivedi
\f1\b0 \
Got it. You know them? Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=370.92"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @6:10}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Prakhar, right? Yeah, yeah. I mean, we don't know them personally, but I've heard about them. He follows me on Instagram and everything.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=381.55"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @6:21}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So Prakhar is the guy that I connected with and they were undoing their webinars and all. Then I think they gave an account to some juniors and they messed up the whole thing and we lost three months of business.\
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=404.89"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @6:44}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Got it. Yeah. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=413.78"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @6:53}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Okay. Okay. So we have CLAT as one product. It's running in all the, I mean, we are headquartered at Lucknow, centers are in Delhi, Noida, Chandigarh, Kanpur.\
I don't know, what was the status of Mumbai, Robert? Yes, it's work. So in all these centers, CLAT has been running for a long time, as in Lucknow, course, all 18, 19 years we have come in here, Delhi we started in 17, Noida shortly after, Chandigarh we started in, no, Delhi we started in 16, Chandigarh we started in 18, Kanpur we started when we started Lucknow only, and Mumbai has also been 7 years now.\
Okay. Other than this, we have a chunk of students joining us for our online courses. So there are two options that we have to look at.\
We have to look at a webinar option. Now I need advice on this. And we have to look at a seminar option also.\
So webinar option could be join for all cities. Focusing on where we, because jahan jahan pe we have offline centers, we are a strong player.\
But wherever we don't have a presence, then we have to start from the start. So conversion is little low.\
So online, we have students joining from different places, but usually from around this area, unless online breakup of students, Robert can give you better.\
So I'll ask him to come in after a bit, so he can tell you which all cities students have.\
joined us from online over the last three years. So, Robert, you can meanwhile take this data out. Traditionally, we do a big conclave every year where students come and just like webinars, soon after the conclave, we pitch our products and we start asking them to join.\
So, this big conclave we do every year, usually it is an elite event and we do it at a good address, usually a high-end hotel, because parents and all, our clientele is good in all the places.\
I mean, we usually command a good clientele, so we do it at a high-end hotel. And the event is, it's a low-awareness event and we target class.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=600.001"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @10:00}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
10, 11 students.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=601.321"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @10:01}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So TG here is 10, 11, 12, and 12 past students. So these are the people who come for this event.\
And after the event, usually when they meet the team and when they meet, you know, I mean, they meet all our old students, we invite them also as speakers.\
Many of them are corporate lawyers, etc. So, we are able to, from every such event, are able to convert about 8 to 9% of the audience, who pay the first.\
And for the 10th class students and 11th, they come next year, 11th pays immediately. So, class 11th joins the two-year program.\
The ticket price, quoted price for that is 1.8 Lakh Rupees. Right? Mm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=660.281"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @11:00}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Class 12 joins the 1-year program.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=665.701"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @11:05}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So 1.8, we are able to close in somewhere about 1.4. The 1-year program for Class 12, our ask is 1.1, which we are able to close somewhere around 85.\
I'm talking about lowest price, average price that we are able to close. It's also 1-year program, but this is more number of hours.\
So here the ask is 1.2 Lakh, which we are able to close at about 90. So this is spread of the fees that we have.\
We also have a crash course, which is mostly 4 months program, where our ask is about 80 and we are able to close.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=719.831"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @11:59}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
Donovan costs are Thank\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=722.721"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @12:02}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So these are the programs that we have, so we target all those children and 10th we target, 10th usually comes back the moment they come in class 11th.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=737.071"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @12:17}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Got it. So that's basically warming up them for the next year.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=741.271"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @12:21}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
You know, invariably like we target them because we are doing it now in another six months they will be looking for options.\
And the ones who come to us, they are the eager ones, so they are early bird, they are already warmed up, they have to join.\
So it's good that we are visible to them right from the start. So this is something that we do, the seminar is there, webinar definitely.\
So what we were doing with Scalix, which was working initially when Sagar was handling our account. But after they re-aligned Sagar,\
So we were doing almost one webinar a week, so the frequency of webinars was very very high, and we were able to get about 2-3 admissions per webinar, we were spending about 80-85 to 1 lakh rupees for every webinar, and we were able to get the, I mean, so with 120 leads and all, 40-50-60 kids, were joining, and then for the demo classes, I think about 10-15 of them would join, and we were closing, you know, 2-3 admissions every few days, because the sales team and the offices need, you know, leads, healthy leads, so lead generation was a big target with ScaleX, and this is what the mandate with them was, so, and they were doing our ads also, we have, they made\
The landing pages, initially, I didn't any problems with I quite liked working with them, so I don't know when it went haywire, so landing pages, everything, so it was quite a smooth flowing process, we had different landing pages for different campaigns, we were capturing the leads and calling was happening and conversions were happening, so the same old process, so I mean we were doing ideation and by August, the webinar funnel almost dried up, then we stopped webinars and we moved into direct e-commerce and sales.\
E-commerce and sales as in, you were directly selling the courses, recorded courses? Courses, test series, material.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=891.992"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @14:51}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And was it profitable?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=895.862"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @14:55}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, with Scalex, I think Scalex was able to give us a return of... 1.5X, which was a little worrying, but we felt, let's get second cycle.\
So with ScaleX, I think, webinar spends 1.5X or 1.5 to 2X return on spends, not their fee.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=923.382"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @15:23}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And with the seminars, did you try advertising for that?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=927.922"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @15:27}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So, we wanted to start, so we launched IPMAT, which is for IAMs, you know, for Class 12 students. Yeah, indoor and away, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=937.622"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @15:37}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=938.222"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @15:38}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So, this product, we wanted to launch with them. Of course, it was November, but our, this thing, advice from the IPMAT team was that Delhi is a very big market, so Delhi, let's do a seminar activity.\
That's when the whole thing started messing up. They changed my whole team. you. Thank And landing page sa hi bawaal churu honne lag gaya, you know, they would launch the pages without showing and kuch na kuchh garbar ho raha ta so, I don't know, so idhaar sa hi things went dhewaaya, this was November of last to last year.\
So IP Mat wala jo product tha, ismei hum seminar karna jaate thi, that would have been the first seminar thing.\
We did also, we did do the seminar, this thing with them, but I don't think a lot of people turned up, except Delhi, Delhi, they were able to give us about 60 to 70 people who came for the seminar.\
Was it a paid seminar or was it a free seminar? It was a free seminar, then we did a paid offline activity with them, where 100 kids showed up, that was for 99 rupees GK session.\
And that was good. So we did two offline activities with ScaleX. So Delhi responded very well. With them, Chandigarh never responded.\
Lucknow was okay-ish, you know, if Delhi had 100, then Lucknow had about 10-15 only.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1032.02"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @17:12}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Okay. Hmm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1034.75"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @17:14}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So for seminars, Delhi, that's why Satyam was mentioning that Delhi seminar is what you guys are- Well, frankly speaking, after ScaleX, we tried a couple of other vendors, but Delhi is not responding.\
But not responding, I have wasted almost 6-8 months, so I'm pretty upset about the whole. So this was November that we, October-November, you know, were at ScaleX, so Delhi is suffering massively.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1065.61"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @17:45}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Got it. So I think first, Nirmit, first of all, any questions? I think you were trying to ask something, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1072.35"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @17:52}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
ScaleX optimized the Google thing also very well for us, so search ads and all, we were doing very well in Delhi.\
Okay. Okay. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1081.24"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @18:01}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
No, the question was just about the price points that you had mentioned, the secondary price points, so the 1.4, the 85, the 90, the 60, these you mentioned first, yeah.\
This is happening on call with the TeleFalling team. Yeah, that I understood. But first you said that this is the lowest price and then you said average selling price.\
So I just wanted to get that. No, this is average. This is average, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1106.83"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @18:26}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Because some people would pay 0.8 basically who are not negotiating basically, right? And some people will pay lower also.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1113.15"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @18:33}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
the lowest could be 1 lakh or so forth.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1115.51"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @18:35}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Yes, some people, for example, 1.4, it is not unknown that one of the center sales team has taken only 1.1 and 12, class 12 program.\
Some centers may have closed a couple of people at 60, 65 also.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1136.05"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @18:56}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
Is there any like criteria that they have that why we will give them some?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1140.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @19:00}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So, earlier we had very well defined criteria which we tried to execute, you know, teachers ward and percentage, we also give them a scholarship test, you know, just the sales team does that just to justify the reduction in fees but mostly, I think, front office sales, just to avoid anyone going and joining somewhere else because now the competition is in intense, they close it at the last bargain price.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1178.33"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @19:38}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And who was, I think Satyam told me about it, but who was the top two players and then, you know, he also mentioned that they're deeply funded, so they're pumping money and advertising and acquisitions.\
Yes, that they are doing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1192.33"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @19:52}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
And do you anticipate that you're losing kids to these people?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1196.35"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @19:56}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Yes. More so now? Yes. guys.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1200.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @20:00}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Top Rankers, yes. I'm writing down all the, so somebody is strong in some region, somebody is strong in some other region, and people who are very price sensitive, we lose them to Physicswala.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1223.88"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @20:23}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1225.55"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @20:25}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
People who are extremely price sensitive, like Physicswala for two year program would charge about 50k, where I'm charging one for.\
So in which city are you most dominant?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1237.64"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @20:37}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Like, top rankers, which, can you give me a quick summary, like top rankers, which city are they most dominant in?\
Nepal. Okay. And Law Prep? Jodhpur.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1251.73"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @20:51}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
And Career Launcher?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1252.89"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @20:52}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Delhi. And Physicswala is tier 2, tier 3? No, they are everywhere. \uc0\u1082 \u1083 \u1080 \u1077 \u1085 \u1090 \u1086 \u1074 , Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1259.92"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @20:59}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
thank Thank So if a child is, they, I think they have no lower limit for fees because children pay 6,000 also and 10,000 also.\
And, uh, so I don't know what is this audience, but they're not seeing, because I think they just pay six to 10,000 because they know, like, let's just see what is happening.\
Got it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1280.84"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @21:20}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And you, and you mentioned career launchers in Delhi, right? Most prominent. And plus we talk about these law prep.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1286.68"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @21:26}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
So they have a centers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1287.68"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @21:27}} - 
\f0\b praveen dwivedi
\f1\b0 \
Like if you talk about this law prep thing, so they have a 1200 students in Patna only. Top ranker we talk about.\
So they have around, uh, 200, 215 Bangalore. So they have a small, small basis also, but from Bhopal, I mean, they are based out of Bhopal, same with the law prep.\
They are from, uh, Jodhpur, think, career launcher is, I think, Delhi, Delhi, but they have few, I mean, bases also where they have a, they are all in all these cities.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1315.46"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @21:55}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And how are they acquiring their customers, like that you have tracked down, are they doing live?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1321.4"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @22:01}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So the seminars, we were the only ones doing, so seminar model is a hit with us, and they have tried the seminar model, but I don't know whether it's a hit because I don't see consistency in their seminars, but they are doing, for example, Top Rankers is now starting GK events across cities, so they have targeted 60 cities, so mostly they acquire their advertisement space, and their customer acquisition comes from ads and all, because we see a lot of their meta-ads, and yeah, so Google and meta-ads is somewhere where they advertise different events that they do, and they are also doing direct sales of test series and all, so a lot of, I mean, they are running multiple ads at one point in time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1374.04"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @22:54}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
I think it has a lot of base in Mumbai also, also, right, because,\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1380.28"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @23:00}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Yes, Career Launcher was a strong player, almost 40 years old now. I have prepared from Career Launcher. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1391.58"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @23:11}} - 
\f0\b praveen dwivedi
\f1\b0 \
So if you talk about these ads and everything, so right now, LawCrep is very aggressive in terms of lots of campaign and lots of new things that is coming through them because that we are seeing on screen only in Instagram or Facebook only.\
Yes, top rankers, they are their traditional ads. Those are coming and Career Launcher is not that much frequent because they run their ads.\
think that was city wise or something where they used to like if their business partner is running ads for like Patna, they are running ads.\
So location-based, few players are running their ads and few are not. So Career Launcher is not very regular, but they are working on their organic thing, the Career Launcher thing.\
And I see Law Prep tutorial selling their demo\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1440.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @24:00}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Demo Classes as their call to action on their ads, like join the demo class.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1446.6"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @24:06}} - 
\f0\b praveen dwivedi
\f1\b0 \
They are running various ads where they were selling the 50% discount on online courses, then there is a free demo class, and they are also running IPM ads.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1458.88"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @24:18}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Top Rankers is there in IPM and Platt also. Law Prep is not so strong in any other product other than Law.\
Career Launcher has got a multiplicity of products. As I said, they are 40 years old, and they have an IPO.\
PW has an IPO, Career Launcher has an IPO, and these two are players. So they are a healthy fund company, so that way none of them have any problems with this thing.\
But Career Launcher is not aggressive, so it's just, it's just sort of\'85 Feeding into its legacy and reputation that has built over the years.\
PWD is a serious nuisance with all the low price tactics, but it is not known for the field that we are in, so we won't lose customers to them, but these three players are the players that we are losing customers to at various places.\
So someone is eating into our share in Lucknow, someone is eating into our share in Chandigarh, and someone is eating into our share in Delhi.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1536.5"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @25:36}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Got it. And just tell me the most successful webinar that you have had, right? What is the messaging on the ads, Surabhi, and what are we actually doing in the webinar?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1543.52"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @25:43}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
That, Robert will share with you all the webinars we have done last year with ScaleX, and the attendees and everything, and the landing page and the creatives, he will immediately share them with you.\
The other thing that we have to strengthen is YouTube. So maybe you don't work on YouTube, but you could suggest someone for YouTube for us.\
So we need to seriously push up our subscriber base and views and all on YouTube, because again, YouTube has also, in some ways, helped them build their base as well as reputation online for top rankers and lofted tutorials.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1590.21"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @26:30}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
So their YouTube customer base is also, at least what is seen is pretty healthy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1595.99"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @26:35}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So one doesn't know. So we have to push YouTube also for ourselves. And at least we start with webinars.\
That's what Satyam's take was. Get links, you know, and simultaneously we also, you know, work on other hygiene factors, whether it is our website or whether it is our GMB or whether it is our YouTube.\
you. you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1620.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @27:00}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
Sure. No, that makes sense.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1622.7"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @27:02}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And once we do the webinars, right, first of all, the messaging, once you send it, we'll also be able to see and spot gaps.\
And then we should be like, okay, you know, most kids want to see, okay, what is the winning strategy of other top rankers, right?\
So we need, we can position it that, okay, one of the top rankers that you have had, he comes and he shares his strategies, which is all that he learned with Klatt.\
And then, you know, you and your team comes in and then dip to the entire selling it. And then also understanding what are the top teachers, right, in your coaching and using them as, you know, marquee teachers, right, on what they have done.\
So maybe also creating some...\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1668.32"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @27:48}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
With Scalex, Scalex used me as the face of the webinars and they didn't change that. So whatever their take on that was, of course, they may they\
We deck of slides also and everything and they gave us a structure like we do for Satyam's thing, we have a structure for the PPT and that Scalex also did that with us, so they gave us a deck of slides and you know, we gave them matter and they prepared that for us, but they constantly used just client advisory single phase and their strategy was not too many speakers, but again, I'm not saying that that's the best strategy or whatever.\
So, instead of everything, so I would introduce my team and all, I mean, that was a part of the slide and in one or two webinars, I got in the toppers that we had and they spoke about it.\
So, while the children are joining the webinars, we play our toppers testimonial videos that keep playing and then I tell them about how preparing for CLAT and that was one topic that we maintained throughout.\
About this season. I don't Of can start with that and we can keep shifting topics, and then we started advertising for different sessions online as well as offline, for example, GK is a bestseller.\
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1755.35"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @29:15}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And in GK, what exactly are you offering there?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1760.11"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @29:20}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So, for example, at this stage, we can do three months of current affairs. So every GK seminar or webinar we took, we would do the monthly current affairs.\
So a revision of the monthly current affairs, like a GK marathon. And how much are you? we did two days GK marathon, we charged \uc0\u8377 99 and both the days we had 100 plus children who attended, 100, 106 students.\
And then you upsell these, one of these programs, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1790.61"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @29:50}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1792.38"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @29:52}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
At that stage in August, we only upsell to a point where, you know, we give them mocks or we give them revision classes.\
we the next two So that is the upselling we do.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1806.53"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @30:06}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Got it. No, think we should definitely go after the revenue model first. Yeah, revenue model.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1814.7"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @30:14}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So for GK sessions, the upsell cannot be such a big ticket amount. So after that, the upsell is only for mocks.\
Try to enroll them for mocks at 3000 bucks or some revision sessions. So that the highest paying for the revision sessions that we were offering was 5999 or 7999 something like that.\
That's the only ticket. This is the upper end of the ticket because these children have already paid this kind of money or even if not exactly this kind of money, but on the upwards of 50k somewhere else.\
So GK sessions is just to get Good students know us and buy our test series and all, so that our test series base increases, so that we can then claim the results.\
So it's basically revenue maximization, it's not really the front-end revenue driver. Not even revenue maximization, it is student-based maximization, so that some result-oriented children are also able to join us.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1887.14"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @31:27}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And in terms of the rankers, right, the top rankers in every Eklat, how many are we able to produce?\
Like in the top 10, how much share do we usually have?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=1896.46"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @31:36}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So, last two years, in the top 10, we have had, like last last year, we had a rank 5.\
That was again, so Mobuti can claim 2-3 people in the top 10, because the top 10 ranks are usually heavily divided.\
That kid is probably enrolled 2-3 places. want think one first... But if you say top 20, then we would have about 3 to 5 kids there.\
But our student base has to be above a critical mass for our students to be there because even if the student has taken a \uc0\u8377 1,000 test series or \u8377 2,000 test series, then that student is technically your student and everyone is showcasing.\
So if you see the top 3, 4 ranks or the top 10 ranks, we at least had top rank 5 which was shared with nobody.\
And over the years, had rank 7 that was shared with nobody because these children didn't join anywhere else. But about 5 to 6 kids in top 10 ranks are enrolled at 3, 4 different places.\
So that result is mostly neutralized. Understood. And over 100, we would have about 15, 20 kids. So our offline centers are very few at this stage.\
But again, these three players have done massive franchising out also. So the student base they have would be much bigger to ours, at least double or in some cases.\
So would we say that we are ranked number fourth in the market?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2002.62"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @33:22}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
In terms of student base, yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2007.77"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @33:27}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
In terms of reputation and classes or in terms of student base in a particular city, we will be one or two.\
In Delhi, we would definitely be four. But in Chandigarh and Lucknow, we would be at number one or number two.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2024.45"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @33:44}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Understood. Nirmit, what are we saying?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2027.05"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @33:47}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, this top rankers is also called as legal edge top rankers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2032.85"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @33:52}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Legal edge is the direct entity which is our, this thing. So legal edge was acquired.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2040.86"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @34:00}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
Okay, because they're only running ads on that, not on the top rankers. So I did some research for the operators.\
So LegalEdge was acquired by TopRankers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2053.43"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @34:13}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Now TopRankers has an almost 80% share in LegalEdge.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2060.22"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @34:20}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
They went for Series 3 funding also.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2062.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @34:22}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So the original owners of LegalEdge now barely have about 20% share. Correct.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2070.92"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @34:30}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
And in Career Launcher, is there a similar case? most of their ads I saw was for Cat and not Cat.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2077.4"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @34:37}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, so Career Launcher acquired my friend's company, Law School Tutorials or LST. So maybe, but Law School Tutorials, they stopped using the name since they launched their IPO.\
So now everything is under Career Launcher. And maybe they are aggressively marketing for CAAT, because CAAT is also a big product they have.\
Their maximum revenue comes from CAAT. Yeah, that's what I think.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2109.95"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @35:09}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
So they are technically not like a big competitor, Akshay. If I skip out of all of these, okay, Physicswala is also hardly doing any CLAT.\
Yeah, they are more for GE and the other things. Career Launcher is also doing CAAT, focusing on CAAT. Now Law Prep Tutorial and Top Rankers, have multiple.\
So the main Top Rankers is not doing it. But this thing that I talked about. Yeah, I saw that.\
I saw that now. You were right. So they have, I calculated, so there are, even for Law Prep Tutorial, there are like three main accounts they running on.\
One is the main official account, which is, I think they are running Nationwide ads or something. One is Patna.\
Yeah, Patna is running 62 ads. The Nationwide is 35 ads active. And there is Calcutta, which is running 10.\
All the others are not running 10. They have multiple regional pages. So. Total they are running like 110-ish ads, active, but I saw their history and they haven't been running a lot of ads in the past.\
So it's a new thing primarily for them. And this LegalEdge top rankers is the biggest guy in this clad, which is running 200 ads on one page and almost like 100 ads on another page.\
Hmm. Yeah. And they have also marketed that they have the top 1, 2, and 3 this year. Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2193.45"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @36:33}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
That is their standard, this thing. they, by hook or by crook, they- Supergrads page. That is the high ticket one.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2201.27"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @36:41}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
That's, so they're running 41 ads on that. Yeah. Yeah. Super. So I don't know.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2205.31"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @36:45}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Top rankers is like the mothership. It has acquired LegalEdge. It has acquired Supergrads. With Supergrads, it's doing their IP match.\
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2215.38"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @36:55}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
And I don't know.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2216.9"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @36:56}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So they pay out and also they buy the ranks and also- They have to sustain the 1-2-3 ranks. Both Legal Edge and NobDev Tutorials have done a court case on AIR1 because she prepared at one, then she gave a testimonial to the other.\
So they have gone ahead and done a court case on a student only. Got it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2241.85"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @37:21}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And I'm seeing that all of them almost are doing free demo session. Have you guys tried that before? No, so we are doing, we do demo sessions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2252.69"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @37:32}} - 
\f0\b praveen dwivedi
\f1\b0 \
That's a given.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2253.99"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @37:33}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Now we have done a paid demo session also. So you can share that creative. So this is clear, right?\
I'll just quickly write down what aspire to do with IP Mat. So for IP Mat, Satyam's, I don't know, one year senior from his business school.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2279.43"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @37:59}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
I'm deal. deal.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2280.26"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @38:00}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, so he is, he wants to run the IP Mat product for us. He wants to partner with us and you run it under our brand name only.\
So he's, he was also in Career Launcher earlier. Satyam was also running Career Launcher franchisee earlier. And he's an IT Roorki guy.\
So for IP Mat, he wants to do a fresh start. have everything. We have the landing page. We have everything for IP Mat also, which Praveen will share with you.\
So we wanted to definitely launch IP Mat with a webinar. for IP Mat, other than top rankers, I'll just write down competition.\
The competitors are Career Launcher, CL, short name. IMS is a big competitor. And then IPM Careers is a brand.\
But yes, they are active in this and Rodha has started it now. Now, Rodha is a purely online brand for CAT.\
So these are the pages to follow for IPM. So Anand wants to create a Rodha-like model for us and you know he is meeting us in a couple of days and of course we will do an extensive meeting with him and then again do the IPMAT quick call with you.\
So, the thing is the same, the TG is the same, price point is the same, and we, which is successful CLAT model, nobody is very active in terms of seminars here, and the team and all, we have a decent team, if Anand joins then it will be a very good platform for us.\
Got it. So, the same thing we have to replicate for both the products, for our promotion and webinar and then.\
And of course, we will be pitching the product and everything, and we will be able to generate leads and start the batches.\
So we will probably be keeping basic targets for this year, you know, like a batch of 3035 for IPBAT for Delhi, similarly 3035 for Lucknow, online, some kids.\
Clad, definitely we will be needing a lot of leads for Delhi and Noida, because those are massive markets and they are massive markets for IPMAT also.\
What about this competitor Vidhigya? Yeah, Vidhigya is not, Vidhigya is, they are also, they have become active, so the online vendors for Lawprep tutorial is a company by the name of Mediagarh.\
So they are now running the campaigns for...\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2465.29"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @41:05}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
The funny thing is Vidhikya is also saying EIR to Parv Jain is their guy and then LegalEdge is also saying EIR to Parv Jain is their guy.\
It's the exact same guy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2478.79"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @41:18}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Vidhikya probably is claiming results because Vidhikya started selling a good number of testing online. So, but yes, they have also jumped in, so they are relatively newer, not a direct threat for us, but if we are consistent with our campaign.\
are running quite a lot of ads.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2503.91"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @41:43}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2507.01"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @41:47}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And for YouTube, you mentioned that that's also an organic growth channel that you are looking at, right? Increasing the subscriber base.\
So, if you are, if we are able to give you the exact contents to, you know, shoot, and we give you the exact strategy, so I do.\
You have a team which can like shoot and edit and put it, like we are able to consult you?\
Yeah. We have to push it up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2528.61"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @42:08}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So we definitely need the consult for YouTube as well. Got it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2534.15"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @42:14}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Got it. And like Sulubi, can you like summarize the goals for us, right, that you would like for this year for CLAT?\
Like Akshay, if we these three things, it will be So that we are clear. Because right now you were just doing a few webinars, but you are giving us a bigger picture of what your goal is.\
So how would you like summarize in terms of revenue also, in terms of number of students also in order to get to that point?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2561.43"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @42:41}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So I would like to do at least, you know, three to four big webinars for CLATS where we get genuine leads and all.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2572.75"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @42:52}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
How many leads?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2574.95"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @42:54}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So I think best case scenario with Scalex, we have been able to touch about 200. So let's take 250 leads per webinar with a turnout of 80 to 100.\
So were these paid webinars that you did before? Yes, we put paid webinars so that we were able to get genuine leads and all.\
And was it a one day event? Yeah, just around a 60 to 75 minute webinar, \uc0\u8377 49. So because when the sales team starts calling, so with them, with the webinar leads, we were not calling them first.\
There was a whole lead nurturing funnel that they had created for us, where they could form the community and you know, the posts and you know, reminders and everything.\
They did the same with seminars also. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2635.53"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @43:55}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
So with seminars, They are here, And how can team? We have get total of 1-800 total-800\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2640.01"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @44:00}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
200, both were finally sales team called, they would try to convert. So let's say that we are able to get about 10 to minimum 10 admissions from here, right?\
So with CLAT, I'm not expecting wonders, but yes, definitely with ScaleX also, I told them, I'm looking at a 2.5x return on the investment.\
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2665.95"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @44:25}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And what was the average spent per webinar that you guys did for 250?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2671.01"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @44:31}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So we, as I said, we spent about, you know, 85 to 1 lakh rupees for the webinar. For Delhi, we had kept the budgets to 2 to 3 lakhs.\
We were able to spend about 2 lakh rupees there for the offline students. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2688.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @44:48}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, got it. And yeah, next point, what are you going to write?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2694.89"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @44:54}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So with IP Math, I'm looking at doing, let's start with two webinars. can see what you're doing To see whether we are, because this will be the first time we'll be doing IPMAT webinars, right?\
And again, I'm not sure the lead numbers or anything, we will see as the campaign grows. So with IPMAT, we were on the verge of doing IPMAT with them.\
But as I said, you know, that's when things went around with them. So with IPMAT, definitely two webinars. For both CLAT and IPMAT, we want to do Delhi offline events.\
Okay. So, you know, with a turnout of about, if nothing else, 75 to 80 kits. Because what we saw with the seminars with Delhi was that we did have a good number of leads.\
I think they weren't many for the offline thing, but they were about 100, 150. But eventually from there, only about, we had a total turnout of about 70, 75.\
And the... So our online through the campaign leads were about 25 to 30.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2764.45"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @46:04}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Do you think IP mat offline session would be a little too risky because we don't have the rankers and it's a fresh thing that you're starting?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2771.51"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @46:11}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, could be, but we could use the founder and teacher profiles as I said. Okay. Then Satyam and Nikhil.\
So let's see, we can do an academic session. People usually come for that with teacher-led academic session.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2790.73"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @46:30}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Got it. Got it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2792.89"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @46:32}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Flat offline, if we do, then we want it to be around teacher-led because the result of this thing is passe now.\
It's pretty much over. Because results come out in December. So we have done heavy offline result-based activities in Lucknow and Chandigarh and everywhere.\
And you will have these landing pages ready, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2814.57"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @46:54}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
That you can send us, that we can look at what did you market, what did you do right on the landing page?\
Yeah, yeah, yeah. you. Thank you. you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2819.79"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @46:59}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
you. It a Fakol page, but I'll send that also below. Sure, sure.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2825.63"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @47:05}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
No, we'll definitely put that, you know, take that as a reference of what you've done.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2829.61"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @47:09}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
We've written a 2.5x return on the webinars and seminars, but as I said, we were able to achieve somewhere between...\
For Google Ads, we had a 2x return, but for the webinars, we had a 1.5x return. Realistic return that I'm sharing with you, which we calculated with ScaleX.\
For Google Ads, our return was 2x. And where do you think the problem was?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2853.85"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @47:33}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Was it in the lead, you know, cost being that high? Or was it like the end conversion was a problem?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2861.25"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @47:41}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Yes, clat was very high.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2864.15"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @47:44}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
But the conversion rate was consistent, you're saying?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2868.91"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @47:48}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Conversion rate, what do we 2%? 2-3%.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2875.44"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @47:55}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
So then in that case, if we 2%, if we do our 100%, the middle. that in when That's like 2 admissions, right?\
Not 10. But our goal is to get to 10, right? 5x more.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2887.94"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @48:07}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Yes, so we will fine tune it further, we will do a couple of webinars, do the learnings, because that was the first time we were doing this, ever.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2901.32"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @48:21}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
So, when call this, there are 800 people in after that, end call, call to action is what?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2908.92"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @48:28}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
To enroll. And you show the prices.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2912.84"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @48:32}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And then, do they pay anything, the token amount?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2915.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @48:35}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Then what we started doing was, webinar attendees, we tried to achieve better returns, so we also did two webinars where we, you know, crashed the price, like we offered it at almost 40% discounts.\
But that did not work. It wasn't as if the payment happened immediately. People took that same one-week lead time.\
So we give two to three demo classes and then we ask them to start paying up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2947.07"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @49:07}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Okay, so once they do all these 80 to 100 people, there is no need for them to pay any deposit or anything after the webinar.\
Then your team calls them and then tries to convince them and then get them to a demo class or whatever is required for them to get nurtured enough, right?\
So I think customer journey is defined here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2969.67"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @49:29}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So maybe we can redefine it and we can ask them for a 500 rupee deposit and give them three classes or something.\
Hmm, I think so.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=2978.37"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @49:38}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Because here we are unstructured, they can go anywhere now, right? And there will a sales team all over the place that we are selling something, we are giving two classes, we are three classes, right?\
So maybe we will need to brainstorm and see what can be that well-defined journey. Which can do that. And maybe it would not be a bad idea to have a 3-day or a 2-day event, instead of a 1-day event, right?\
Yeah, definitely.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3009.07"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @50:09}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Because we have to, if we are planning on a 2.5x return, we have to brainstorm and we have to think out of the box.\
Correct.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3016.97"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @50:16}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Because I feel they should, the nurturing that requires in 3 hours, in 9 hours they will be more nurtured and the possibility that in the last day bring your parents also.\
Right? it can be Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. On Sunday bring your parents.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3030.37"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @50:30}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Like Satyam's conversion will better for me because it is their area. So here we do a 2-day event, the next speaker who is equally good, who is a teacher, who is, you know, an experienced hand.\
So second nurturing will start. Perfect. So I am handing it over to a telecaller who will, whose job only should be to collect the fees ideally.\
Hmm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3059.45"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @50:59}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
No, I think, We two to three day event, because then we will be able to nurture that, we will less pressure on and we can also get more higher returns as well, so we will to some things.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3072.87"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @51:12}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
feel very good about the webinar and children would sit through, like Satyamdi webinar, attendance is always very high and consistent, our webinar, like my webinars, the attendance never drops.\
Perfect, then we should utilize that in nurturing. By was very disheartening to see that the trickle-down funnel was left in the funnel, finally, and you know, there is so much struggle to get the fees out.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3103.15"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @51:43}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
No, I get it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3105.63"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @51:45}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So, three day event, which can give more nurturing time for these guys, and if they are hooked on for two to three days, naturally, for them to now pay up would be pretty logical, and this...\
This whole mess around the post-webinar mess where, you know, now it's dependent on the calling team and getting them to the class and all, you know, that can become more structured.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3134.51"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @52:14}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And can we do something like, you know, there is gonna be a small activity after which they can know, based on their current level, what rank can they score in CLAT?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3146.23"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @52:26}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So we can add a rank predictor. Yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3150.37"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @52:30}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
So it has to be something that kids feel, okay, you know, this is what I want to try. Because nobody else is saying that in the market, right?\
So you have to create these lead magnets as positioning anchors.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3160.31"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @52:40}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
deposit, they get two classes and a rank predictor. Yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3168.17"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @52:48}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And the idea should be that they should always feel that, okay, I can do so much more with these guys and they're giving me a roadmap.\
But currently your rank is showing us 1200.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3177.07"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @52:57}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
So now we will bring that rank. So post next and down to 500. So they have a realistic goal that they are chasing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3185.03"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @53:05}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And that's what sales team is going to be doing that. So you have to give us this work that you have the rank.\
Now you do counselling with People also show up 100% to these sales calls. It doesn't look like sales calls.\
And then they say that you can do the rank. What is the issue? Budget and all that stuff. This is a very good idea.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3206.59"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @53:26}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Because after the webinar, the book is demo class and it doesn't And then the child is running from class.\
And we are not taking any deposits. So it's all in the air. Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3220.16"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @53:40}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
So this can be a very good anchor. And then 100% show ups on the sales calls and then sales team.\
Do you offer them EMI plans? No cost EMIs and all that? Robert, you want to come here?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3233.23"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @53:53}} - 
\f0\b praveen dwivedi
\f1\b0 \
Yes. So we have a tied up with Bajaj Finance where we can give them a plan also. They can pay in no cost EMIs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3243.71"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @54:03}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
that also will be another thing to make it easy for them. Just tell me one thing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3247.53"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @54:07}} - 
\f0\b praveen dwivedi
\f1\b0 \
This rank predictor generally works around the exams. When we month, then we generally launch this rank predictor. And everyone launch it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3255.87"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @54:15}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
That's not Robert. This is the diagnostic rank predictor. That you are now getting this rank and we going study this rank.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3264.09"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @54:24}} - 
\f0\b praveen dwivedi
\f1\b0 \
And how we are going to calculate the rank on the basis of their mock scores? We them mock.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3270.03"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @54:30}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
We will them test for 500 rupees. Maybe we can have a logical test given to them, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3276.99"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @54:36}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
with 20 questions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3279.45"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @54:39}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
this is a drama for us. I will tell you the answers to the webinar, that this a moron, it will never anything, and this is But we don't have range, you know, 500, under 1000, whatever.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3294.67"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @54:54}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
You to define it. And this is just one of the ideas that rank predictor could be there. But we have to...\
Select for such anchors which they feel that these guys are showing me the exact path from where I am to where I want to be.\
Rank predictor is very good.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3309.02"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @55:09}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
This should be good one. Because it will give them a clear path.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3314.36"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @55:14}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
Now we to do the device.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3316.26"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @55:16}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
We are not the mock score from the actual clad rank predictor. We are giving rank, current status rank, and what rank are you giving?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3328.38"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @55:28}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
So I think what you can do to give to us, we will give you a list of things that we need from you.\
Maybe we can create another group, Surbhi. Maybe we can also add Robert and both of you and you know me and Elmit.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3340.24"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @55:40}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
We need different things. Yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3342.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @55:42}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
And then we will ask things about landing pages. Whatever material already is, we would need all that stuff. So that we can understand that we can do all the things.\
Yes, first of all, you. This document, if you want to you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3358.34"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @55:58}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Today was just the first meeting. And just give us a list quickly, but how soon do you think we can start?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3367.33"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @56:07}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
I think we can start within a couple of days. Once you give us the material and all that, we will have the plan in place.\
And then we can discuss together. How can we go live? See, we need at least 10-day buffer to run the ads.\
So a lot of time has come. So the whole thing can be given to you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3388.08"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @56:28}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Okay, so today, we will plan you today.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3391.2"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @56:31}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
We will we do Generally, we will take a little bit time. If we start webinar, will a class earlier.\
So we would need about 7-10 days to get everything live, entire thing. And then 10 days to run the ads and all that stuff.\
So the ads will start in 10-12 days. And then we are just conducting the webinar. And then we will do frequency-defined, that we have to do every two weeks.\
That will depend on the thing. Nirmit, any thoughts on this? next Let's go.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3421.06"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @57:01}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
I have to go for my session now, but Robert, if you want commercials and all, then do that I feel, you send things to Surabhi, I'll also add the current document that I had sent you guys in the group.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3442.42"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @57:22}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
You can also add Robert, I'm just creating it right now. And then we can discuss that in the follow-up meeting, let's say on Monday, properly, we'll show you, we'll discuss all the commercials and everything, including the- YouTube consults, can also the SM pages, we're running own, but YouTube will need something else on YouTube.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3466.85"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @57:46}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Yes, exactly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3468.85"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @57:48}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
No, are actively working on personal branding and YouTube growth as well.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3472.53"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @57:52}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
we actively working on the lead, all of our posts are right and YouTube will need YouTube, so lead doesn't\
I think that it is weak or what is. Because the lead journey goes on YouTube, goes on website, so we have to, landing page above all things, I think it should be Exactly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3497.51"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @58:17}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
So I made a group, you just add Robert as well in there, and we all can stay in touch, and we will send the list on the things that we need.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3505.43"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @58:25}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
In the group only, and because I will be traveling and teaching, and also Robert will be your POC mostly, and he has a whole dump with him, so he will be the...\
Perfect.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3520.8"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @58:40}} - 
\f0\b Akshay Paliwal
\f1\b0 \
So we coordinate with you, Robert. Okay, it's fine. Perfect. All right. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. And nice meeting you, Robert.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3530.2"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @58:50}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, same here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3531.16"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @58:51}} - 
\f0\b praveen dwivedi
\f1\b0 \
Thank you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3532.42"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @58:52}} - 
\f0\b Satyam
\f1\b0 \
Bye-bye.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/580625094?timestamp=3532.9"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @58:52}} - 
\f0\b Nirmit Maniar ( TrainerGoesOnline)
\f1\b0 \
Take care. Bye-bye.\
}